For the N-Queens problem, the comparison between MMAS, MMAS*, OnePlusOne EA, RLS, 
and Random Search provides critical insight into how each algorithm exploits 
structure in a rugged combinatorial landscape. The objective is to arrange queens
on a board such that no two threaten each other. Optimally a solution achieves a 
value of 10. 

Random Search, RLS, and OnePlusOne EA display distinct growth patterns during 
optimisation. Random Search achieves rapid early improvements by chance, but 
quickly plateaus as it fails to leverage historical information or systematically 
exploit the problem's structure.

RLS shows steady initial improvement, but after around 400 evaluations, it 
plateaus and never gets to best-so-far value of 10. OnePlusOne EA starts similarly
but can occasionally escape local optima by performing rare multi-bit mutations, 
leading to the highest best-so-far value.

MMAS and MMAS* reveal that the MMAS variants spend their early evaluations 
learning effective solution features through pheromone adaptation. MMAS and MMAS* 
begin with rapid growth. RLS and OnePlusOne EA overtake them at around 50 
evaluations, but as pheromone trails grow stronger, MMAS and MMAS* accelerate and 
ultimately match the best performances of OnePlusOne EA sometimes. MMAS* sometimes 
converges slightly faster, potentially due to less restrictive pheromone bounds. 
Both methods consistently outperform Random Search and rival or surpass RLS in 
escaping deep local optima, even though all algorithms remain challenged by the 
problem's inherent ruggedness and rarely reach the global optimum.

In conclusion, while Random Search and RLS are constrained by their limited 
search mechanisms and quickly reach plateaus, OnePlusOne EA's adaptive mutation 
gives it a tangible advantage in escaping suboptimal regions. MMAS and MMAS* 
prove to be strong competitors with their ability to learn and exploit global 
patterns. However, the ultimate solution quality across all algorithms is bounded 
by the complexity and nature of the problem.
